feat: add useTransactionResult (#94)
FuelLabs/fuels-npm-packs: .changeset/good-turkeys-chew.md

---
'@fuels/react': minor
---

> - Add `useTransactionResult` hook to get a transaction that has been successfully mined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add `useTransactionResult` hook to get a transaction that has been executed
```

Reviewer: not necessarily will be "successfully", it can be error as well

Author: makes sense.

https://github.com/FuelLabs/fuels-npm-packs/pull/94/commits/2ad2c8e7a0f053fa1846ce326731ccc75708f1d1
